# relaxify
With increased work pressure, stress levels of individuals are also increasing drastically, which also leads to various other health issues like anxiety disorder, sleep deprivation, increased blood pressure, reduced concentration, depression related disorders and others. So, we have come up with a solution by which individuals can do breathing meditation by investing just 10-15 minutes daily. Breathing Meditation is scientifically proven to be beneficial in reducing stress levels of our body, lowering heart rate, lowering blood pressure, reducing depression, managing stress and others.

relaxify helps users to do breathing meditation at the comfort of their home. The authentication of this application is built using SAWO Labs API. Once the application opens, it asks the user for his/her mail address and and an OTP will be mailed to that mail address instantly. The user have to enter the OTP and login. THATS IT!! Now the user can select the number of breaths for which he/she wants to do breathing meditation. The user can select this according to his/her available time duration. The application also contains a list of common frequently asked questions about breathing meditation along with the answers given by the experts to those questions. The links to our social media profiles are also given where the user can follow and get in touch with us. There is also an option to book a therapy session with us. The user just have to fill minor details and his/her session will be booked in that time slot. The data of the user is stored using relational database.
